Collage Cam: Photo Editor & Layout Privacy Policy

introduction

Privacy information is the secrets of a citizen's personal life that he or she does not wish to make public or known to others.Collage Cam:Photo Editor&Layout (hereinafter referred to as Collage Cam) values the protection of user privacy information, and when you use Collage Cam products and services, Collage Cam may collect and use information about you. Collage Cam would like to explain to you through this policy what information Collage Cam may collect (including how it is collected), the purposes for which it collects such information, theCollage Cam and how you can protect the security of such information, etc. Please read this policy carefully before using all of Collage Cam's products and services, and make sure you understand our rules for handling your personal information. If you have any questions about this Privacy Agreement, you may contact us for advice, and if you do not agree with any of the terms of this Privacy Agreement, you should immediately stop using Collage Cam products and services. Once you choose to use or continue to use Collage Cam products and services after Collage Cam has updated this Privacy Policy (Collage Cam will promptly notify you of such updates), you acknowledge and accept all of the contents of this policy (including the updated version) and agree that Collage Cam collects, uses, stores and shares information about you in accordance with this policy.

1. Information we may collect

2. Purpose and rules of use of the information we collect

3. Information sharing, transfer and disclosure

4. Our information security protection

5. Your management of personal information

6. Information protection of minors

7. Disclaimer

8. Scope of application of this policy

9. Revision and effective date of this policy


1. Information we may collect

Collage Cam collect information in order to provide a better service to all users. The main sources of information collected by the Collage Cam are: the information you provide to the Collage Cam, the information obtained by the Collage Cam during your use of Collage Cam products and services, and your information shared by third parties. The types of information collected by Collage Cam mainly include the following:

1. Personal Information

Personal information refers to various information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify the personal identity of a natural person alone or in combination with other information, including but not limited to the natural person's name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, phone number etc.

When you register an account or use Collage Cam products and services, Film Cam may collect the relevant personal information you provide with your consent and confirmation, such as name, gender, age, date of birth, ID number, bank card number, electronic Email address, phone number, mailing address, occupation, education, etc.

2. Device Information

Equipment Information means information about the equipment you use when using your Collage Cam product or service.

When you use a Collage Cam product or service, the Collage Cam will collect information about the device you use the Collage Cam product or service, such as device name, device model, device identification code, operating system and application version, language setting, resolution, Service Provider Network ID (pLMN) etc. This information can help the Collage Cam to provide you with better information display or product service.

3. Location Information

Location information refers to the information about your location that is collected when you enable the device location function and use the location-based services provided by the Collage Cam, mainly including:

(1) When you turn on the device positioning function and use the Collage Cam related products or services, the Collage Cam may use GpS, WiFi or other technical means to collect and process information about your actual location.

(2) Real-time information including your geographic location provided by you or other users. For example, shared information uploaded by you or others showing your current or past geographic location, and geotagged information contained in photos shared by you or others.

(3) If you do not want to be accessed, you can choose to close the relevant functions in the device or product/service, but this may affect the Collage Cam to provide you with relevant services.

4. Log information

Refers to when you use Collage Cam products and services, the system may automatically collect certain information through cookies or other means and store it in server logs. Such information may include:

(1) Detailed usage of Collage Cam products and services, such as the web page search terms you use, the page addresses you visit, and other information and content details you browse or request when using Collage Cam services; user habits statistics , such as the setting item information when using the Collage Cam input method, the number of times some keys are used, the number of words on the screen, etc. This type of data is anonymous, and the Collage Cam cannot locate specific users based on the uploaded data.

(2) Device or software information, such as the configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other programs used to access Collage Cam products or services, the version and device identification code used by the mobile device, etc.

(3) Device event information, such as crashes, system activities, etc.

(4) IP address.

5. Other information collected with your consent.


2. Purposes and Rules of Use of Information Collected by Collage Cam

(1) We may use the collected information for the following purposes:

1. When the Collage Cam provides products and services, it is used for authentication, customer service, security protection, archiving and backup, etc., to ensure the security of the products and services provided by the Collage Cam to you.

2. Guarantee the normal realization of the functions of the products or services provided for you. For example: in order to realize the personalized recommendation function for you, understand how you access and use the products and services of Collage Cam, so as to respond to your personalized needs in a targeted manner, such as language setting, location setting, personalized help services and instructions, or otherwise respond to you and other users.

3. Improve the existing products and services of Collage Cam and enhance the user experience. E.g

(1) The Collage Cam may collect your browsing information, your hobbies (you can choose in the account settings) for data analysis, and use it to show you the service information you are interested in; or show you when you search Information content you might expect to find.

(2) Other information about you that the Collage Cam may also obtain for the reasonable needs of providing services and improving service quality, including the relevant information you provide when you contact customer service, and the questionnaire response information sent to the Collage Cam when you participate in the questionnaire survey , and information about the Collage Cam when you interact with it.

(3) For the information collected from your various devices, Collage Cam may associate them in order to provide you with consistent services on these devices.

(4) Collage Cam may combine information from one service with information from other services in order to provide you with services, personalized content and recommendations.

4. Help Collage Cam design new products and services. For example, in the provision of certain products or services, Collage Cam may invite users to participate in the "User Experience Improvement Program". For users who join the User Experience Improvement Program, Collage Cam will conduct statistics on the use of various functions of products and services as needed. In this way, the quality of products and services can be improved by analyzing statistical data, and innovative products and services that are helpful to users can be launched. If you do not want to participate in the program, you can choose to turn off related functions in related products/services.

5. The Collage Cam may use your relevant information to provide you with more relevant advertising or promotional information. Collage Cam may also use your information to send you marketing communications through Collage Cam's services, email or otherwise, to offer or promote goods and services of Film Cam or third parties. If you do not want Collage Cam to use your personal information for the above-mentioned purposes, you can request Collage Cam to stop using your personal information for the above-mentioned purposes through the relevant channels provided in the related products or services of Film Cam.

6. Software certification or management software upgrade.

7. In accordance with laws and regulations, your relevant information is collected and used in the following situations, without your authorization:

(1) Related to national security and national defense security;

(2) Those related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;

(3) related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;

(4) It is difficult to obtain the consent of the person in order to protect the life and property of the personal information subject or other individuals and other major legitimate rights and interests;

(5) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products and/or services provided, such as finding and dealing with faults in the products and/or services;

(6) Necessary for legitimate news reporting;

(7) When it is necessary for academic research institutions to carry out statistical or academic research based on public interests, and when providing the results of academic research or description, the personal information contained in the results is de-identified;

(8) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

8. Other uses with your consent.

In order to give you a better experience, improve the products and services of the Collage Cam, or for other purposes that you agree to, the Collage Cam may collect the information collected through a product or service in compliance with relevant laws and regulations to aggregate Information or personalization for other products and services of Collage Cam. For example, the information collected when you use one service of Film Cam may be used in another service to provide you with specific content, or to show you information about you that is not generally pushed. You may also authorize Collage Cam to use the information provided and stored by Collage Cam for other services of Collage Cam, provided that the corresponding option is provided by Film Cam in the relevant service.

(2) Rules for the use of your personal information

1. The Collage Cam will use the information collected in accordance with the stipulations of this privacy policy and in order to realize the product and/or service functions of the Film Cam.

2. After collecting your personal information, the Collage Cam will de-identify the data through technical means, and the de-identified information will not be able to identify the subject. Please understand and agree that in this case, the Collage Cam has the right to use the de-identified information; and, without disclosing your personal information, has the right to analyze the user database and make commercial use.

3. Please note that all personal information you provide when using the products and/or services of the Collage Cam, unless you delete it or refuse the collection of the Collage Cam through the system settings, will be used when you use the products and/or services of the Collage Cam. During this period, the use of Collage Cam is continuously authorized. When you log out of your account, the Collage Cam will stop using and delete your personal information.

4. The Collage Cam will make statistics on the use of the Collage Cam's products and/or services, and may share these statistical information with the public or third parties to demonstrate the overall usage trend of the Collage Cam's products and/or services. However, these statistics do not contain any identifying information about you.

5. When the Collage Cam displays your personal information, the Collage Cam will desensitize your information by means of content replacement and anonymization to protect your information security.

6. When the Collage Cam wants to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or when the information collected based on a specific purpose is used for other purposes, it will ask you to check in advance. your consent.


3. Information sharing, transfer and disclosure

(1) Sharing of information

1. Collage Cam will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Collage Cam, except in the following cases:

(1) Obtain your express consent or authorization in advance;

(2) Provided in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, requirements of legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to protect the interests, property or safety of Collage Cam or partners, you or other Collage Cam users or the public from damage;

(4) Only by sharing your information, can the core functions of Collage Cam products and/or services be realized or the services you need be provided;

(5) To handle disputes or disputes between you and others according to your needs;

(6) Provided in accordance with the relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(7) Use based on academic research;

(8) Use based on social and public interests that comply with laws and regulations.

2. Collage Cam may share your personal information with related parties of Collage Cam. However, Collage Cam will only share necessary personal information and are subject to this Privacy Policy. If the related parties of Collage Cam want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will ask for your authorization again.

3. The Collage Cam may share your information with partners and other third parties to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you. However, Collage Cam will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. Collage Camera partners are not authorized to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.

4. For companies, organizations and individuals with whom the Collage Cam shares personal information, the Collage Cam will require them to abide by their confidentiality agreements, requiring them to deal with individuals in accordance with the Collage Cam's instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures information.

5. In order to comply with the law, enforce or apply the conditions of use and other agreements of the Collage Cam, or to protect the rights and property or safety of the Collage Cam, you or other Collage Cam customers, such as to prevent fraud and other illegal activities and reduce credit risks, And exchange information with other companies and organizations. However, this does not include personal information that is sold, rented, shared or otherwise disclosed for profit in violation of the commitments made in this Privacy Policy.

(2) Transfer of information

Collage Cam will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:

(1) Obtain your express consent or authorization in advance;

(2) Provided in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, requirements of legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) Provided in accordance with the relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(4) When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, if it involves the transfer of personal information, Collage Cam will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise, Collage Cam will require the company or organization to ask you for authorization again.

(3) Information disclosure

Collage Cam will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and on the premise of taking industry-standard security precautions:

(1) You agree or authorize the Collage Cam to disclose;

(2) You use the sharing function;

(3) In the event that it is necessary to provide your personal information according to the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, Collage Cam may publicly disclose your personal information according to the required type and disclosure method of personal information. Under the premise of compliance with laws and regulations, when the Film Cam receives the above-mentioned request for information disclosure, the Collage Cam will be required to issue the corresponding legal documents. The Collage Cam has carefully reviewed all requests to ensure that they are legal based on, and limited to, data that law enforcement authorities have a legitimate right to obtain for specific investigative purposes;

(4) In an emergency, in order to protect the legal rights or public safety and interests of you, the Collage Cam and other users;

(5) Comply with the provisions of the user agreement or other similar agreements for Collage Cam related products and services.


4. Our information security protection

1. The Collage Cam will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purpose stated in this policy and within the time limit required by laws and regulations.

2. Data security technical measures: The Collage Cam will adopt security protection measures in line with industry standards, including establishing reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent your personal information from being accessed and used without authorization, and to avoid data damage or damage. Loss; Collage Cam will use security technologies and procedures to monitor and record network operation status and network security events, and take necessary technical measures to ensure network security to prevent information loss, improper use, unauthorized viewing or disclosure. For example, in some services, Collage Cam will utilize encryption technology to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious means that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% information security. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access your Collage Cam products and services may have problems due to factors beyond the control of your Collage Cam.

3. The Collage Cam only allows employees and partners who need to know the information to access personal information, and has set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. Collage Cam also requires all persons who may have access to your personal information to fulfill corresponding confidentiality obligations. Failure to meet these obligations may result in legal liability or termination of the partnership with the Collage Cam.

4. Collage Cam will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. Collage Cam will only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes described in this policy, unless an extended retention period is required or permitted by law.

5. The content and information (such as photos about your personal activities, etc.) that you provide, upload or publish when using the products and services of the Collage Cam may reveal your personal information. You need to carefully consider whether to disclose personal information when using Collage Cam products and services. In some cases, you can control the scope of users who have the right to view your shared information through the privacy settings of certain products and services of the Collage Cam.

6. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and the communication with other users such as emails, instant messaging, social software, etc. cannot be determined to be completely encrypted. Collage Cam recommends that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and pay attention to protecting your Personal information security.

7. Security incident handling: In order to deal with the possible risks of personal information leakage, damage and loss, Collage Cam has established a special emergency response team, in accordance with the company's relevant security incident handling specifications, start security plans for different security incidents, and carry out damage, analyze, formulate remedial measures, and cooperate with relevant departments to trace and attack. At the same time, the Collage Cam will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of security incidents, the disposal measures that the Collage Cam has taken or will take, suggestions that you can prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedies for you measures, etc. At the same time, Collage Cam will promptly notify you of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, Collage Cam will take a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement. At the same time, the Collage Cam will also actively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.


5. Your management of personal information

1. You have the right to access, correct and delete your personal information; however, the deletion or modification of relevant information may affect your use of relevant products or services or lead to the realization of some functions.

2. You have the right to change the scope of your authorization and consent or withdraw your authorization; you can change the scope or withdraw your authorization to continue to collect personal information by the Collage Cam by deleting information, turning off device functions, setting privacy settings on the website or software, etc. your authorization. You can also withdraw all authorization of the Collage Cam to continue to collect your personal information by canceling your account. Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent or authorization, the Collage Cam cannot continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding personal information. information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.

3. You can also directly apply for the cancellation of the relevant product account if you meet the agreed conditions of the relevant product. After you log out of your account, Collage Cam will stop providing you with products and/or services, and at your request, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, Collage Cam will delete your personal information.

4. The Collage Cam will take appropriate technical means to ensure that you can query, supplement, correct or delete your personal data, or apply for the Collage Cam to supplement the relevant information through the feedback or complaint channels released by the Collage Cam related products or services , correction or deletion; after Collage Cam receives your application, it will be processed according to the process (for example, Collage Cam may ask you to provide relevant certificates to confirm your identity).

5. If you are unable to access, correct or delete your personal information, or you need to access, correct or delete other personal information generated when you use the Collage Cam products and/or services, or you believe that the Collage Cam has any violation of the law In accordance with regulations or agreements with you on the collection or use of personal information, you can contact Film Cam through the official feedback channel of related products or services announced by Collage Cam or by email at zhuge2022120@gmail.com.


6. Information protection of minors

1. Collage Cam attaches great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain the consent of your parents or their legal guardians (hereinafter collectively referred to as "guardians") before submitting personal information.

2. Collage Cam encourages guardians to guide minors to use the products and services of Collage Cam, and suggests that minors encourage their guardians to read this policy.

3. Guardians should assume the primary responsibility for protecting the privacy rights of minors in the online environment.

4. The Collage Cam will protect the relevant information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.


7. Disclaimer

In addition to the exclusions set forth in this policy, Collage Cam are not responsible for:

1. Any personal information is leaked, lost, stolen or tampered with due to your informing others of your user password, sharing your registered account with others, or otherwise due to your poor personal custody.

2. Any personal data leakage, loss, embezzlement or tampering caused by any force majeure that affects the normal operation of the network due to hacker political attack, computer virus intrusion or outbreak, temporary shutdown due to government control, etc.

3. The disclosure of personal information and any legal disputes and consequences arising therefrom due to other websites linked to the Collage Cam.

4. The disclosure of personal information caused by other non-Collage Cam reasons and any legal disputes and consequences arising therefrom.


8. Scope of application of this policy

1. This policy applies to all products and services of Collage Cam. Specific privacy policies for some specific products and services will be specifically stated in the relevant product and service use agreements or separate privacy agreements. The privacy terms for those specific products and services form part of this Policy. In the event of inconsistencies between the privacy terms of the relevant specific products and services and this Policy, the privacy terms of the specific products and services shall apply.

2. This policy applies only to the information collected by Collage Cam, and does not apply to any products and services provided by third parties or rules for the use of information by third parties, such as third-party products and services accepted through the products and services of Film Cam (including any third-party websites) collected by this policy does not apply. Collage Cam is not responsible for any third party use of the information provided by you.

3. If you have any questions about this privacy policy in the use of Film Cam products and services, you can contact the Collage Cam through the official feedback channel of the related products or services announced by the Collage Cam or by email at zhuge2022120
gmail.com.

4. "Affiliate" in this policy refers to the current or future relationship with CoolMind Studio that constitutes "one party has the ability to directly or indirectly control, jointly control or exert significant influence on the other party, and two or more parties are under the control of one party, enterprises in a relationship under common control or significant influence”.


9. Revision and effective date of this policy

Collage Cam may revise the terms of this Policy from time to time, and such revisions form part of this Policy. The revised policy for Collage Cam will be released in due course. By continuing to use Collage Cam products and services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
